README.md, before:

# The Story - FAC

> FFHS, FAC (Formale Sprachen, Automaten und Compilerbau), Semesterarbeit

## Quick Start

Run this command `./gradlew build`

## Language

### Datatype

* String Literal
* Number
* Boolean

### Variable

A variable can be set of two ways:

```
Let x be 1
Put 1 into x
Now x will be 1
```

A variable ...

* ... has no fix datatype.
* ... can have the following prefix: `a`, `an`, `the`, `my` and `your`
* ... can also be a name like `Black Pearl`.
* ... is case-**insensitiv**. (`my dog` = `My dog`)

### Mathematics

|operator|keywords|
|:---:|:---:|
|`+`|`plus`/`with`|
|`-`|`minus`/`without`|
|`*`|`times`/`of`|
|`/`|`over`|

### Condition

|operator|keywords|
|:---:|:---:|
|`>`|`is higher/greater/bigger/stronger than`|
|`<`|`is lower/less/smaller/weaker than`|
|`>=`|`is as high/great/big/strong as`|
|`<=`|`is as low/little/small/weak as`|
|`==`|`is exactly the same as`|
|`!=`|`is not the same as`|

### Conditionals

Conditional expressions start with the `If` (`if`) keyword, followed by an expression. An `Else` (`else`) block
can be written after an If block. The code block ends by a blank line.

Number and String Literal will evaluate as `false`!

### Loops

Commit message:

add condition and loop to readme and some conditon test

README.md, after:

# The Story - FAC

> FFHS, FAC (Formale Sprachen, Automaten und Compilerbau), Semesterarbeit

## Quick Start

Run this command `./gradlew build`

## Language

### Datatype

* String Literal
* Number
* Boolean

### Variable

A variable can be set of two ways:

```
Let x be 1
Put 1 into x
Now x will be 1
```

A variable ...

* ... has no fix datatype.
* ... can have the following prefix: `a`, `an`, `the`, `my` and `your`
* ... can also be a name like `Black Pearl`.
* ... is case-**insensitiv**. (`my dog` = `My dog`)

### Mathematics

|operator|keywords|
|:---:|:---:|
|`+`|`plus`/`with`|
|`-`|`minus`/`without`|
|`*`|`times`/`of`|
|`/`|`over`|

### Condition

|operator|keywords|
|:---:|:---:|
|`>`|`is higher/greater/bigger/stronger than`|
|`<`|`is lower/less/smaller/weaker than`|
|`>=`|`is as high/great/big/strong as`|
|`<=`|`is as low/little/small/weak as`|
|`==`|`is exactly the same as`|
|`!=`|`is not the same as`|

### Conditionals

Conditional expressions start with the `If` (`if`) keyword, followed by a condition or a boolean value. An `Else` (`else`) block can be written
directly after an `If` block. The code block of a `If` or `If-Else` ends by a blank line.

Number and String Literal will evaluate as `false`!

### Loops

Loop expression start with the `While` (`while`) keyword, followed by a condition or a boolean value. The code block ends by a blank line.
